Psalm 103 bless the Lord O my soul and
all that is within me bless His Holy
Name
bless the Lord O my soul and forget not
all his benefits who forgives all your
iniquities who heals all your diseases
who redeems your life from destruction
who crowns you with loving-kindness and
tender mercies who satisfies your mouth
with good things so that your youth is
renewed like the Eagles the Lord
executes righteousness and justice for
all who are oppressed he made known his
ways to Moses his acts to the children
of Israel the Lord is merciful and
gracious slow to anger and abounding in
mercy he will not always strive with us
nor will he keep his anger forever he
has not dealt with us according to our
sins nor punished us according to our
iniquities for as the heavens are high
above the earth so great is his mercy
toward those who fear Him as far as the
east is from the west so far has he
removed our transgressions from us
as a father pities his children so the
Lord pities those who fear him for he
knows our frame he remembers that we are
dust as for man his days are like grass
as a flower of the field so he
flourishes for the wind passes over it
and it is gone
in its place remembers it no more but
the mercy of the Lord is from
everlasting to everlasting on those who
fear him and his righteousness to
children's children to such as keep his
covenant and to those who remember his
Commandments to do them the Lord has
established his throne in heaven and his
kingdom rules over all
bless the Lord you his angels who excel
in strength who do his word heeding the
voice of his word blessed the Lord all
you his hosts you ministers of his who
do his pleasure bless the Lord all his
works in all places of his Dominion
bless the Lord O my soul